Distributor: Add limits for Otel write request byte size (#8574)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

    * `-ingest-storage.read-consistency`: configures the default read consistency.
    * `-ingest-storage.migration.distributor-send-to-ingesters-enabled`: enabled tee-ing writes to classic ingesters and Kafka, used during a live migration to the new ingest storage architecture.
    * `-ingester.partition-ring.*`: configures partitions ring backend.

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Distributor: Add configuration option `-distributor.max-otlp-request-size` to limit OTel request byte sizes. #8574

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Distributor: Add configuration option `-distributor.max-otlp-request-size` to limit OTLP request size. #8574
```

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Distributor: Add `max_otel_decompressed_recv_msg_size` to limit the otel decompressed write request byte size. #8574

Reviewer 2: [Nit] Don't we normally refer to flags rather than YAML parameters in the changelog? For example `-ingest-storage.enabled` just above this changelog entry.

Also, I think the flag should refer to OTLP rather than OTel, since it controls the OTLP endpoint specifically.

```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Distributor: Add configuration option `-distributor.max-otlp-decompressed-recv-msg-size` to limit otel decompressed write request byte sizes. #8574
```

> * [CHANGE] Distributor: Previously incoming OTLP requests were size-limited by using limit from `-distributor.max-recv-msg-size` option. We have added option `-distributor.max-otlp-request-size` for OTLP request, which defaults to 100 MiB. #8574 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CHANGE] Distributor: Incoming OTLP requests were previously size-limited by using limit from `-distributor.max-recv-msg-size` option. We have added option `-distributor.max-otlp-request-size` for limiting OTLP requests, with default value of 100 MiB. #8574 
```
